README.md, before:

# The Theoretical Minimum

### Introduction

These are my notes to [_The Theoretical Minimum: What You Need to Know to Start Doing Physics_](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/046502811X), a book that--like the title implies--tries to teach rudimentary classical physics in a somewhat informal, hacker-esque manner. These are formatted in [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) (IPython) notebooks. I also go through some of the exercises in the "lectures", or chapters. 

### Licensing
This project is under the MIT Licence. See the [LICENCE](LICENCE.md) file for details.

### Lecture Notes
**NOTE:** these notebooks are still being worked on. Also, I haven't subjected them to non-academic (1) peer review yet. You should also check out George Hrabovsky's [solutions](http://www.madscitech.org/tm/slns/).

1. The Nature of Classical Physics: [lecture1.ipynb](lecture1.ipynb)

### Footnotes
(1) Non-academic here refers to an "informal" system of peer review, or in other words, I ask my friends, university professors who have the time, technical editors, and perhaps some redditors for feedback. I urge you to be sceptical when reading through my notes, to make use of your critical thinking skills, and feel free to  [contact me](https://hackermaneia.keybase.pub/contact.html) if you find any errata or errors in my work.

Commit message:

still fixing that darn README file

README.md, after:

# The Theoretical Minimum

### Introduction

These are my notes to [_The Theoretical Minimum: What You Need to Know to Start Doing Physics_](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/046502811X), a book that--like the title implies--tries to teach rudimentary classical physics in a somewhat informal, hacker-esque manner. These are formatted in [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) (IPython) notebooks. I also go through some of the exercises in the "lectures", or chapters. 

### Licensing
This project is under the MIT Licence. See the [LICENCE](LICENCE.md) file for details.

### Lecture Notes
**NOTE:** these notebooks are still being worked on. Also, I haven't subjected them to non-academic (1) peer review yet. I recommend that you check out George Hrabovsky's [Theoretical Minimum Website](http://www.madscitech.org/tm/), and his [solutions page](http://www.madscitech.org/tm/slns/).

1. **The Nature of Classical Physics: _[lecture1.ipynb](lecture1.ipynb)_**

### Footnotes
(1) Non-academic here refers to an "informal" system of peer review. In other words, I ask my friends, university professors who have the time, technical editors, and perhaps some redditors for feedback. I urge you to be sceptical when reading through my notes, to make use of your critical thinking skills, and feel free to  [contact me](https://hackermaneia.keybase.pub/contact.html) if you find any errata or errors in my work.
